I have cut ties with you
I don't have you, an unfilial descendant
Hey
What are you doing?
Sit down
Make a friend.
They are still so in love
Still laughing so happily
I didn't expect to use the old man's words in the forest
You Mingxuan didn't compromise
It seems that their marriage is very strong
You dream of being Mrs. You
I'm afraid it's going to go to waste.
There is no unbreakable marriage
Only the mistress who doesn't work hard
You see, Yao Mingxuan is wearing clothes worth 10,000 yuan
And An Jiyan didn't know that You Mingxuan was the richest man
So their marriage is not unbreakable
What do you mean?
An Jinyan can't accept it
You Mingxuan is the richest man
After all, An Jinyan is very hypocritical